docs: extensibility docs restructuring (#2919)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/60-form-widgets.md

  widget: Name
```

<img src="./assets/form-widgets/Name.png" alt="Example of a name widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

```yaml
- path: spec.my-data
  widget: Name
  disableOnEdit: true
```

<img src="./assets/form-widgets/Name2.png" alt="Example of a name widget with disabled option to edit" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

### `CodeEditor`

The `CodeEditor` widgets render a versatile code editor that can be used to edit any variable. The editor's default language is JSON.

These are the available `CodeEditor` widget parameters:

| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|------|-------------|
| **language** | | a [JSONata](jsonata.md) expression | Resolves the desired language. It has access to the `$root` variable, containing the entire resource. |
| **inputInfo** | | string | A string below the input field that shows how to fill in the input. You can use the {{ [`name`] (`link`) }} format to display a `name` instead of a `link. |
| **description** | | string | A string displayed in a tooltip when you hover over a question mark icon, next to the input's label. The default value is taken from the CustomResourceDefintion (CRD). |

> | **defaultExpanded** | | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |

Author: Is **description** required?

| **defaultExpanded** | | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |

See the following example:

```yaml
- path: spec.my-data
  widget: ResourceRef
  resource:
    kind: Secret
    version: v1
  provideVar: secret
  children:
    - path: key
      enum: '$keys($secret.data)'
- path: spec.my-gateways
  widget: ResourceRef
  resource:
    kind: Gateway
    group: networking.istio.io
    version: v1alpha3
  toInternal: |
    (
      $values := $split($, '/');
      { 'namespace': $values[0], 'name': $values[1] }
    )
  toExternal: namespace & '/' & name
```

<img src="./assets/form-widgets/ResourceRef.png" alt="Example of a ResourceRef widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

## Presentation Widgets

Presentation widgets do not handle data directly but group contents into a more readable form.

### `FormGroup`

The `FormGroup` widgets render an `object` as a collapsible section.

These are the available `FormGroup` widget parameters:

| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|------|-------------|
| **columns** | | | The number of columns the content is rendered in. Defaults to 1. |

> | **defaultExpanded** | | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |

Author: what is the difference between "number" and "integer"?

See the following example:

```yaml
- path: spec.service
  widget: FormGroup
  children:
    - path: host
    - path: port
```

<img src="./assets/form-widgets/FormGroup.png" alt="Example of a FormGroup widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

### `GenericList`

The `GenericList` widgets render an array as a list of collapsible sections with their own sub-forms. An **Add** button is present to add new entries.

These are the available `GenericList` widget parameters:

| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|------|-------------|

> | **placeholder** | | | Specifies a short hint about the input field value. |
> | **template** | | | Specifies default structure for a list item. |
> | **defaultExpanded** | | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |
> | **required** | | boolean | Specifies if a field is required. The default value is taken from CRD; if it doesn't exist in the CRD, then it defaults to `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **placeholder** | No | string | Specifies a short hint about the input field value. |
| **template** | No | object | Specifies default values for the list items. Provided object should reflect the structure of the list items based on the the `children.path`. |
| **defaultExpanded** | No | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |
| **required** | No | boolean | Specifies if a field is required. The default value is taken from CRD; if it doesn't exist in the CRD, then it defaults to `false`. |
```

See the following example:

```yaml
- path: spec.services
  widget: GenericList
  children:
    - path: '[].host'
    - path: '[].port'

 - widget: GenericList
   path: spec.filter.filters
   children:
     - path: '[].eventType.value'
       placeholder: placeholder.eventType
     - path: '[].eventSource.value'
   template:
     eventSource:
       property: source
       type: exact
       value: ''
     eventType:
       property: type
       type: exact
```

<img src="./assets/form-widgets/GenericList.png" alt="Example of a GenericList widget" style="border: 1px solid #D2D5D9">

### `SimpleList`

The `SimpleList` widgets render an array as a table with rows representing data items and columns representing different fields. New items are added automatically when new entries are typed in.

> **NOTE:** This type of field is only suitable for simple data types and can't contain more complex structures in its items.

These are the available `SimpleList` widget parameters:

| Parameter | Required | Type | Description |
|-----------|----------|------|-------------|

> | **placeholder** | | | Specifies a short hint about the input field value. |
> | **required** | No | boolean | Specifies if a field is required. The default value is taken from CRD; if it doesn't exist in the CRD, then it defaults to `false`. |
> | **inputInfo** | | string | A string below the input field that shows how to fill in the input. You can use the {{ [`name`] (`link`) }} format to display a `name` instead of a `link. |
> | **description** | | string | A string displayed in a tooltip when you hover over a question mark icon, next to the input's label. The default value is taken from the CustomResourceDefintion (CRD). |
> | **defaultExpanded** | | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **placeholder** | No | string | Specifies a short hint about the input field value. |
| **required** | No | boolean | Specifies if a field is required. The default value is taken from CRD; if it doesn't exist in the CRD, then it defaults to `false`. |
| **inputInfo** | No | string | A string below the input field that shows how to fill in the input. You can use the {{ [`name`] (`link`) }} format to display a `name` instead of a `link. |
| **description** | No | string | A string displayed in a tooltip when you hover over a question mark icon, next to the input's label. The default value is taken from the CustomResourceDefintion (CRD). |
| **defaultExpanded** | No | boolean | Specifies if the widget should be expanded by default. Defaults to `false`. |
```
